1. A data organization leader is upset about the data analysis team’s reports being different from the data engineering team’s reports. The leader believes the siloed nature of their organization’s data engineering and data analysis architectures is to blame.

Which of the following describes how a data lakehouse could alleviate this issue?

Both teams would autoscale their work as data size evolves
Both teams would use the same source of truth for their work
Both teams would reorganize to report to the same department
Both teams would be able to collaborate on projects in real-time
Both teams would respond more quickly to ad-hoc requests

2. Which of the following describes a scenario in which a data team will want to utilize cluster pools?

An automated report needs to be refreshed as quickly as possible.
An automated report needs to be made reproducible.
An automated report needs to be tested to identify errors.
An automated report needs to be version-controlled across multiple collaborators.
An automated report needs to be runnable by all stakeholders.

3. Which of the following is hosted completely in the control plane of the classic Databricks architecture?

Worker node
JDBC data source
Databricks web application
Databricks Filesystem
Driver node

4. A data engineer has realized that they made a mistake when making a daily update to a table. They need to use Delta time travel to restore the table to a version that is 3 days old. However, when the data engineer attempts to time travel to the older version, they are unable to restore the data because the data files have been deleted.

Which of the following explains why the data files are no longer present?

The VACUUM command was run on the table
The TIME TRAVEL command was run on the table
The DELETE HISTORY command was run on the table
The OPTIMIZE command was nun on the table
The HISTORY command was run on the table

5. Which of the following Git operations must be performed outside of Databricks Repos?

Commit
Pull
Push
Clone
Merge

6. A data engineer needs to determine whether to use the built-in Databricks Notebooks versioning or version their project using Databricks Repos.

Which of the following is an advantage of using Databricks Repos over the Databricks Notebooks versioning?

Databricks Repos automatically saves development progress
Databricks Repos supports the use of multiple branches
Databricks Repos allows users to revert to previous versions of a notebook
Databricks Repos provides the ability to comment on specific changes
Databricks Repos is wholly housed within the Databricks Lakehouse Platform

7. A data engineer wants to create a new table containing the names of customers that live in France.

They have written the following command:



A senior data engineer mentions that it is organization policy to include a table property indicating that the new table includes personally identifiable information (PII).

Which of the following lines of code fills in the above blank to successfully complete the task?

There is no way to indicate whether a table contains PI
"COMMENT PII"
TBLPROPERTIES PII
COMMENT "Contains PII"
PII

8. Which of the following commands can be used to write data into a Delta table while avoiding the writing of duplicate records?(This ques was asked differently but answer is same)

DROP
IGNORE
MERGE
APPEND
INSERT

9. A data engineering team has two tables. The first table march_transactions is a collection of all retail transactions in the month of March. The second table april_transactions is a collection of all retail

transactions in the month of April. There are no duplicate records between the tables.

Which of the following commands should be run to create a new table all_transactions that contains all records from march_transactions and april_transactions without duplicate records?

CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS SELECT * FROM march_transactions INNER JOIN SELECT * FROM april_transactions;
CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS SELECT * FROM march_transactions UNION SELECT * FROM april_transactions;
CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS SELECT * FROM march_transactions OUTER JOIN SELECT * FROM april_transactions;
CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS SELECT * FROM march_transactions INTERSECT SELECT * from april_transactions;
CREATE TABLE all_transactions AS SELECT * FROM march_transactions MERGE SELECT * FROM april_transactions;

10. A data engineer only wants to execute the final block of a Python program if the Python variable day_of_week is equal to 1 and the Python variable review_period is True.

Which of the following control flow statements should the data engineer use to begin this conditionally executed code block?

if day_of_week = 1 and review_period:
if day_of_week = 1 and review_period = "True":
if day_of_week == 1 and review_period == "True":
if day_of_week == 1 and review_period:
if day_of_week = 1 & review_period: = "True":

11. A data engineer is attempting to drop a Spark SQL table my_table. The data engineer wants to delete all table metadata and data.

They run the following command:

DROP TABLE IF EXISTS my_table

While the object no longer appears when they run SHOW TABLES, the data files still exist.

Which of the following describes why the data files still exist and the metadata files were deleted?

The table’s data was larger than 10 GB
The table’s data was smaller than 10 GB
The table was external
The table did not have a location
The table was managed

12. A data engineer wants to create a data entity from a couple of tables. The data entity must be used by other data engineers in other sessions. It also must be saved to a physical location.

Which of the following data entities should the data engineer create?

Database
Function
View
Temporary view
Table

13. In order for Structured Streaming to reliably track the exact progress of the processing so that it can handle any kind of failure by restarting and/or reprocessing, which of the following two approaches is used by Spark to record the offset range of the data being processed in each trigger?

Checkpointing and Write-ahead Logs
Structured Streaming cannot record the offset range of the data being processed in each trigger.
Replayable Sources and Idempotent Sinks
Write-ahead Logs and Idempotent Sinks
Checkpointing and Idempotent Sinks

14. Which of the following describes the relationship between Gold tables and Silver tables?

Gold tables are more likely to contain aggregations than Silver tables.
Gold tables are more likely to contain valuable data than Silver tables.
Gold tables are more likely to contain a less refined view of data than Silver tables.
Gold tables are more likely to contain more data than Silver tables.
Gold tables are more likely to contain truthful data than Silver tables.

15. Which of the following describes the relationship between Bronze tables and raw data?

Bronze tables contain less data than raw data files.
Bronze tables contain more truthful data than raw data.
Bronze tables contain aggregates while raw data is unaggregated.
Bronze tables contain a less refined view of data than raw data.
Bronze tables contain raw data with a schema applied.

16. A dataset has been defined using Delta Live Tables and includes an expectations clause:

CONSTRAINT valid_timestamp EXPECT (timestamp > '2020-01-01') ON VIOLATION DROP ROW

What is the expected behavior when a batch of data containing data that violates these constraints is

processed?

Records that violate the expectation are dropped from the target dataset and loaded into a quarantine table.
Records that violate the expectation are added to the target dataset and flagged as invalid in a field added to the target dataset.
Records that violate the expectation are dropped from the target dataset and recorded as invalid in the event log.
Records that violate the expectation are added to the target dataset and recorded as invalid in the event log.
Records that violate the expectation cause the job to fail.

17. A data analysis team has noticed that their Databricks SQL queries are running too slowly when connected to their always-on SQL endpoint. They claim that this issue is present when many members of the team are running small queries simultaneously. They ask the data engineering team for help. The data engineering team notices that each of the team’s queries uses the same SQL endpoint.

Which of the following approaches can the data engineering team use to improve the latency of the team’s queries?

They can increase the cluster size of the SQL endpoint.
They can increase the maximum bound of the SQL endpoint’s scaling range.
They can turn on the Auto Stop feature for the SQL endpoint.
They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint.
They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint and change the Spot Instance Policy to “Reliability Optimized.”

18. A data engineer wants to schedule their Databricks SQL dashboard to refresh once per day, but they only want the associated SQL endpoint to be running when it is necessary.

Which of the following approaches can the data engineer use to minimize the total running time of the SQL endpoint used in the refresh schedule of their dashboard?

They can ensure the dashboard’s SQL endpoint matches each of the queries’ SQL endpoints.
They can set up the dashboard’s SQL endpoint to be serverless.
They can turn on the Auto Stop feature for the SQL endpoint.
They can reduce the cluster size of the SQL endpoint.
They can ensure the dashboard’s SQL endpoint is not one of the included query’s SQL endpoint.


